fix: unscrollable style remains when modal is unmounted (#4525)
cultureamp/kaizen-design-system: .changeset/fluffy-spies-thank.md

---
"@kaizen/components": patch
---

> Fix the unscrollable problem when a modal is unmounted after confirmation

Reviewer: Mind if I reword this a bit?

```suggestion
Bug fix for modals: ensure clean up runs when the modal is unmounted.

This bug created unscrollable pages if the modal was removed from the DOM before its `onAfterLeave` callback was able to run.
```

Author: Thank you!
